Three arrows per person
Who can hit the farthest target?
And the person with the most arrows left on the target
Guida, you come first
Two arrows in three arrows
This bow
Why is it so light?
I won.
You you cheat
Cheating in full view of my beloved concubine
How could it be cheating you are
Can't afford to lose?
Saburo Kameda loses, his life is mine
I will kill if I want
Don't be complacent, there are two more sentences
Victory is out of reach
In the next game, we will compare the speed
Two people move at the same time
Forget the person who is alive
What are the rules?
No rules.
Living is the rule
Okay, then I will order this game myself
Your Majesty's Body of Gold
The body is safe
Don't take risks quietly
Do you teach Guo Zangzhen to do things?
What is this fool doing?
Yun Wuxiya
If you lose
Your life is mine
You win